# Complement for the workshop CoAST-2023
## What is it ?
This small prototype of a Risk Information System (RIS) is meant to complement the paper "Beyond Combinatorial Interaction Testing: On the need for transition testing in dynamically adaptive context-aware systems", by P. Martou, B. Duhoux, K. Mens and A. Legay,  1th International Workshop on Context aware and Adaptive Software systems Testing (CoAST 2023, ICST proceedings), 2023.

Its goal is to illustrate with actual code the RIS prototype described in this paper. It mimicks RIS behaviour through terminal messages and a simple GUI coded with Tkinter (standard GUI library for Python).

Like in the paper, it is injected with three errors (Section 2). The system has no knowledge of these errors, but has a perfect test oracle which checks the entire system's correctness at each transition and alerts the user would it encounter any behavioural error (although you can visually see them, as the Emergency Level is displayed for each configuration and the GUI updates between each configuration).

## Requirements

The only requirement to run this prototype is a standard installation Python3 (preferably version 3.7 and above).

Note that old Python3 installations might not contain the module _Tkinter_ by default. If this is the case, you can install it on Linux with : 
```
sudo apt-get install python3-tk
```

And on Windows with
## Usage

To start, please clone the repo and run the main file _main.py_ with no argument. Further instructions are provided within the prototype itself.

We provide three different modes:
- "CIT" will simulate the test suite generated by Combinatorial Interaction Testing (CIT) shown in Table 1. It only finds the interaction error.
- "transition" will illustrate both transition errors described in Section 2 by simulating the associated transitions.
- "free" will let you explore the prototype at your own discretion.

Feel free to explore the code.
